# FED_Assignment2
This is my FED assignment 2 project

Step into the future of eCommerce with our innovative mobile app. Drawing huge inspirations from the dynamic and vibrant spirit of JEM mall in the heart of jurong, we've successfully crafted an immersive and convenient mobile app that allows customers to seamlessly blends the dynamic atmosphere of a bustling mall with the ease and accessibility of online shopping. Our goal from this assignment is to create a user-friendly platform that is packed with features designed to enhance a customer's journey in the mall.From interactive maps that guide you to your favorite stores to real-time updates on weather and air quality, our app puts everything you need right at your fingertips.

For this assignment, Codi has created the footer of the mall which provides convenient and useful information to the user. The footer contains information such as the terms of Use, privacy policy, a quick link to the contact us in the about us page, social media links and additional information like the address, contact number and opening hours to allow customers to be informwd of such information at a moments notice. Codi also created the Login page which features the username and password login including a remember me button and a sign up page which is linked to an API which stores customers information. Codi has also done the map page which allows user a quick and easy way of accessing the shop locations will also hosting a pop up game that customer's can play to earn points to get rewards

For this assignment, Jovan has successfully created a vibrant home page with a welcoming picture of JEM that is sure to leave users with the curiousity to explore more about the page. He also created an interactive slideshow that allows customers to be aware of new announcement that is taking place in the mall. He has also maked use of an API to create a weather chart which seeks to inform the user of the weather and air conditions in JEM. Jovan has also created a About Us page which showcases potential areas of interest for the customers while providing customers the ability to find the mall by providing information such as the directions using google map, the opening hours, parking costs, and a contact us page.
